README.md, before:

# Mozilla Hubs Docs

This repo is for the documentation for [Mozilla Hubs](http://hubs.mozilla.com), and related products such as Hubs Cloud and Spoke. 

The documentation is under active development. If there are any changes or updates you recommend, feel free to submit a pull request or let us know in our [Discord Server](http://discord.gg/wHmY4nd).

This website was created with [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/). 


# Docusaurus information 
## What's In This Document

* [Get Started in 5 Minutes](#get-started-in-5-minutes)
* [Directory Structure](#directory-structure)
* [Editing Content](#editing-content)
* [Adding Content](#adding-content)
* [Full Documentation](#full-documentation)

## Get Started in 5 Minutes

1. Make sure all the dependencies for the website are installed:

```sh
# Navigate to the website directory
$ cd website

# Install dependencies
$ yarn
```
2. Run your dev server:

```sh
# Start the site
$ yarn start
```

### Directory Structure

Your project file structure should look something like this

```
my-docusaurus/
  docs/
    doc-1.md
    doc-2.md
    doc-3.md
  website/
    core/
    node_modules/
    pages/
    static/
      css/
      img/
    package.json
    sidebar.json
    siteConfig.js
```

## Editing Content

### Editing an existing docs page

Edit docs by navigating to `docs/` and editing the corresponding document:

`docs/doc-to-be-edited.md`

```markdown
---
id: page-needs-edit
title: This Doc Needs To Be Edited
---

Edit me...
```

For more information about docs, click [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/en/navigation)

### Editing an existing blog post

Edit blog posts by navigating to `website/blog` and editing the corresponding post:

`website/blog/post-to-be-edited.md`
```markdown
---
id: post-needs-edit
title: This Blog Post Needs To Be Edited
---

Edit me...
```

For more information about blog posts, click [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/en/adding-blog)

## Adding Content

### Adding a new docs page to an existing sidebar

1. Create the doc as a new markdown file in `/docs`, example `docs/newly-created-doc.md`:

```md
---
id: newly-created-doc
title: This Doc Needs To Be Edited
---

My new content here..
```

1. Refer to that doc's ID in an existing sidebar in `website/sidebar.json`:

```javascript
// Add newly-created-doc to the Getting Started category of docs
{
  "docs": {
    "Getting Started": [
      "quick-start",
      "newly-created-doc" // new doc here
    ],
    ...
  },
  ...
}
```

For more information about adding new docs, click [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/en/navigation)

## Full Documentation

Full documentation can be found on the [website](https://docusaurus.io/).

Commit message:

Note for yarn install in Vistual Studio Code.

README.md, after:

# Mozilla Hubs Docs

This repo is for the documentation for [Mozilla Hubs](http://hubs.mozilla.com), and related products such as Hubs Cloud and Spoke. 

The documentation is under active development. If there are any changes or updates you recommend, feel free to submit a pull request or let us know in our [Discord Server](http://discord.gg/wHmY4nd).

This website was created with [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/). 


# Docusaurus information 
## What's In This Document

* [Get Started in 5 Minutes](#get-started-in-5-minutes)
* [Directory Structure](#directory-structure)
* [Editing Content](#editing-content)
* [Adding Content](#adding-content)
* [Full Documentation](#full-documentation)

## Get Started in 5 Minutes

1. Make sure all the dependencies for the website are installed:

```sh
# Navigate to the website directory
$ cd website

# Install dependencies
$ yarn
```
2. Run your dev server:

```sh
# Start the site
$ yarn start
```

Note: If your yarn installation cause error in Visual Studio Code on Windows, and Chocolatey is installed, you can start PowerShell in admin mode and install the yarn with `choco install yarn`. For details and other environments, click [here](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#windows-stable).

### Directory Structure

Your project file structure should look something like this

```
my-docusaurus/
  docs/
    doc-1.md
    doc-2.md
    doc-3.md
  website/
    core/
    node_modules/
    pages/
    static/
      css/
      img/
    package.json
    sidebar.json
    siteConfig.js
```

## Editing Content

### Editing an existing docs page

Edit docs by navigating to `docs/` and editing the corresponding document:

`docs/doc-to-be-edited.md`

```markdown
---
id: page-needs-edit
title: This Doc Needs To Be Edited
---

Edit me...
```

For more information about docs, click [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/en/navigation)

### Editing an existing blog post

Edit blog posts by navigating to `website/blog` and editing the corresponding post:

`website/blog/post-to-be-edited.md`
```markdown
---
id: post-needs-edit
title: This Blog Post Needs To Be Edited
---

Edit me...
```

For more information about blog posts, click [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/en/adding-blog)

## Adding Content

### Adding a new docs page to an existing sidebar

1. Create the doc as a new markdown file in `/docs`, example `docs/newly-created-doc.md`:

```md
---
id: newly-created-doc
title: This Doc Needs To Be Edited
---

My new content here..
```

1. Refer to that doc's ID in an existing sidebar in `website/sidebar.json`:

```javascript
// Add newly-created-doc to the Getting Started category of docs
{
  "docs": {
    "Getting Started": [
      "quick-start",
      "newly-created-doc" // new doc here
    ],
    ...
  },
  ...
}
```

For more information about adding new docs, click [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/en/navigation)

## Full Documentation

Full documentation can be found on the [website](https://docusaurus.io/).
